We can also import our p5.js vector graphics,
the SVG file, into fusion 360. To go a little bit
further, in this example, we will create a little
cube and then we will use our SVG vector paths, to
cut holes into our little cube object. Let's start
by adding a simple plain little rectangle here.
Finish the sketch.
And now extrude.
And now we start the actual import. Therefore,
we use the insert. Then we select "insert
SVG", "from my computer" in this
case and select the curves.svg.
We want to place it on top of our rectangle here.
Position it, scale it, so that it fits on our
rectangle, on our cube here. Finish the sketch.
And now we can simply select all the individual
paths, the polygons, that we created in p5.js.
And, for example, we could now use the extrude
function again. We could create an extrusion up,
so that we could use it for example in a 3D
printer or we could go the other way and create
a cut into our object. And then for example use a
CNC mill to cut into a wooden block or something.
Again another way of using our vector graphics
in a 3D software to generate 3D bodies.